hey youtubers X Factor here this is
operation Riverside a very linear 64 man
conquest server for Battlefield 3 what's
linear all the conquest points are kind
of lined up in a straight line it's very
skinny but an elongated map and I
decided to make be my little kingdom I'm
going to do whatever it takes to
maintain be at all costs and I want to
sell you on a philosophy I'm going to
put on my salesman shoes here for a
little bit as this tank starts to attack
me I've got reactive on my left and
right he just whipped a shot and I'm
going to position myself so hopefully
this next shot gets eaten up by my
reactive and it does so I took no damage
for that second shot because he missed
in third shot because you had to react
up there so I'm always maintaining what
sides I've reactive on and because I'm
by myself i zoom out my minimap a little
bit I know people are coming trying to
get an angle on this little bird which
is crazy I barely missed a shot and i
know i'm going to die a lot in this
process why because b is next to their
gimme a is there gimme that's their
spawn point conquest point and that's
where the majority of their forces are
going to be for the most part when the
maps not looking right see on this map
is an absolute cluster fuck people fight
over because it's a dropship it's some
great infantry fighting and you can get
away from the vehicles so everybody and
their brother tends to go to that what
these guys want is no one to come to be
so they could take one or two guys and
cap it because that's what happens
ninety percent of the time in conquest
people give up on flags to easily next
life spawn in your say hey X Factor you
only got one kill you only got two kills
why is that matter that guy was on the
burn that's it if they have one more
person than we have they're gonna win
the flag so although I got two kills
that's it i delayed them getting that
burn so that guy that killed me he'd
have been the third guy I have been
overwhelmed even if there wasn't a
gunfight and lo and behold guess what I
spot next to the tank third time in time
to go operation pest hard here you see
me kind of given him my front end
because I'm in trouble and I am on a
sinking ship this is not good one more
shot I'm in trouble I'm trying to angle
to the side hoping he takes it and he
does
get out the tank I know it blow up
behind me down to low hitpoints I've
done that twice now I don't profess
doing that I don't recommend doing it
because I see too many people cough it
up and I'm back on burn trying to equal
this thing out one man one mission now
our team secured see behind us right so
now we've got this little momentum we've
got this force that's going to be
rolling from C to B because they took
care of business and I held this just
long enough oh look a tank has blessed
itself upon me yet again so now we've
got two pieces of armor up here the LAV
shooting down so flames going off
everything and their brother is trying
to chase me down but that's okay I'll
die a million times just to keep this
area hot so we got overwhelmed we lost
it so I take a dirt bike back because
I'm not done yet I'm a man on a mission
today I want to be a thorn in their side
on be and not cough this thing up easily
because again that's what they expect
their to base is closest to their spawn
sometimes three are easy takes and oh
look it's a tank again it's got to be my
lucky day I swear and again this isn't
the best situation you can hear the lock
that's already on me because that
happens in this expansion pack and I'm
going to try to start picking at people
again getting back on the burn and
that's another thing i want to sell to
you guys if you spawn into the point
you're spawning on the outskirts you're
not on the burn take the 10 or 15 steps
and just throw your body or your vehicle
on it fight from the burn make them come
to you and knock you off of that I'm
just one guy right here got a little
help coming in but not a lot and I'm
managing to take this back because i'm
on the burn keeping them from it fight
your way into it then put the walls up
to the castle and don't let anybody come
into it and that's the whole goal
obviously i'm a sinking ship again but
oh look another tank oh my gosh the
server is trolling the other team with
these tanks pawns but i love it so back
to be we go this is a great spot for
people to hide but if you get
at the old ricochet shot with the tank
or RPG or 320 it'll kill whoever's back
there every single time especially if
you get the container and now I don't
even see this guy that's prone right
there I was trying to spot shoot on the
mini-map and I failed he was right in
front of me the whole time so of course
this is a sinking ship this is a dying
battle your tank on b1 base awake from
their spawn is always going to go down
but the question is how long can you
deter them for and what difference can
you make even if you spawn in and get
one kill you're going to make a
difference because it might just bend
one guy who took the burn back so next
time you spawn into some conquest make
them earn it don't just give them the
layup hopefully this gets you guys fired
up to be a thorn in somebody's cited in
a conquest map or two as always if you
learn something enjoy yourself don't
forget about the old tumbs up and we'll
see you guys soon